Humph
Is this your bottom line?
Yeah, that's right.
This is my trump card
How about shocked?
This is something you have to guard against
I have long heard of the Rebellion between the Knights and the Frontier
There are certain official orders
Today he dares to Chu Julong Shuai
It seems that the rumors are not groundless
Luoyang Tomb, you almost killed an innocent person
You commit a crime as a national teacher
You must give Jin Hai an explanation
Explain what to pay
Almost killed us loyal people
Shouldn't it be self-destructive to apologize for both?
Lord Mido dares to come and save people
Isn't this what the imperial teacher said?
The evidence is solid
We were all arrested by the state just now
The process of the teacher cutting first and then playing has a rhythm
I really didn't notice some details
After all, the name and authority of the imperial teacher are there
Can't you believe the situation just now? Master Masterpiece
I ask Zhanwang Chen to take me back to the country's wife
Liu Fan, you are so brave
You are the bold one
Liao Fan is under the permission of the Admiral
Just made a request
How dare you threaten to talk back
Just do it.
Zhanwang Chen, let's make a move
Ouyang Mu, you are not allowed to resist with true qi
You are not allowed to dodge
How did Liao Fan get injured?
You must give it back
Ok I resist with the flesh ok
Ouyang Mu, my move
You are cheap